feat: implement fallthrough attribute forwarding (#2566)
SchwarzIT/onyx: apps/docs/src/principles/contributing/patterns.md

# Patterns

> This page explains which common patterns we in developing onyx and how to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains which common patterns we follow when developing onyx and how to use them.
```
